

* [Using Gradle](#using-gradle)
* [Baccarat Application](#baccarat-application)
* [Cleaning Up](#cleaning-up)


## Using Gradle

Everything you need to do in this assignment, aside from editing code, is
handled by the Gradle build system.  You can run Gradle from the command
line, or use it from within VS Code or IntelliJ IDE if you prefer (see below).

**You do not need to install Gradle yourself**, as we've included a
'Gradle wrapper' that will download a compatible version of the tool, along
with various library dependencies, if required.  **This will be very slow
the first time that it runs!**

You should run Gradle commands in the `cwk2` directory.  On Linux and macOS,
use `./gradlew`.  In a Windows command shell (`cmd.exe`), use `gradlew`.
In Windows Powershell, use `.\gradlew.bat`.
The commands below assume the use of Linux, macOS or WSL2.

**NOTE: if your PC is running anti-virus software, you should add an exclusion
for the `cwk2` directory to avoid potential problems with Gradle.**

### If Using Visual Studio Code

You can simplify the use of Gradle by installing the Gradle Tasks extension.
This will add a Gradle button to the side bar.  Clicking on this will
active a panel in which you can see and run the Gradle tasks for the
various projects.

### If Using IntelliJ IDEA

**Please use the most recent version of the IntelliJ, on your own PC.
We do not support the use of older versions for the coursework, and may
not be able to help you if you encounter problems.**

Use the *New Project* button to import `cwk2` as the project directory.
After the project has been imported, you should be able to use the Gradle
button on the right-hand edge of the IntelliJ window to active the Gradle
tool window.  From here you can access a hierarchical list of all the
supported Gradle tasks.  The main list entries you will need to use for the
coursework are

    Tasks/verification/test
    Tasks/verification/style
    Tasks/application/run
    Tasks/application/interact

Double-click on a list entry to run it for the first time.  After you've
done this, IntelliJ will create a 'run configuration' for it, allowing you
to rerun it in future in a more convenient way.  You can see the available
run configurations in a drop-down box at the top of the IDE window. Just
select your required configuration, then click on the *Run* button
(the green triangle) to run it.

## Baccarat Application

You can run the Basic solution, or the non-interactive mode of the Full
solution, with

    ./gradlew run

For the 'interactive mode' of the Full solution, you can provide the required
`-i` command line argument to the program like this:

    ./gradlew interact

You can create a redistributable version of the application with

    ./gradlew distZip

This creates a Zip archive `comp1721_cwk2.zip`, in `build/distributions`.
This Zip archive contains the compiled code for all the classes, bundled into
a JAR file, plus a shell script and batch file that can be used to run the
application on Linux, macOS or Windows.

**Note: this is NOT the file that needs to be submitted to Minerva!**

## Cleaning Up

To remove all files generated by the build process, use

    ./gradlew clean
